hello this is part to get my butterflies
working for my charter well instead of
taking a few minutes took me a while
before I actually you know begin working
on it again and try to set up I went and
did some research from the internet
downloaded a online service manual from
a bike and then after that I went to
shadow riders net it's a shadow spirit
form and I had to three guys there to
help me you started and figure out the
bugs and what I need to do
so anyway I'm gonna show you what I did
and how I got to set up now okay
first of all this is my manual and if
you noticed my online search man some
pages are printing off let me get this
one right over here that I need
this year has been a great help to me
okay if you look here you see this tea
and it says to fuel tiny okay the line
up there talked about is this tea line
right here the teachers right there on
my fingers that this line goes up goes
with the tank right here
well this te right here well that line
goes up and runs it through there so I
can get it out right here
this is that line this is the line that
I had connected to the back where that
line right there is that well evidently
it's supposed to go to open hair so I
had that set up wrong so now I'm just
will step back behind here alright I
look looks awesome my manga on this page
over here if I can't find it right quick
okay as you can see that little solenoid
I was tending about they had to read
lines room to the rear center to the
front center here okay that line
connects and runs and goes back connects
to T here remember I only had one T when
I first started working on this so now I
have two T's you can see one here and
one there
okay well the menu said this T right
here connects that solenoid this is that
line see if you can see over here
this is that some nice thing about the
front to the rear center to the front
some little breather hose this is that
line that runs to the bottom of vacuum
runs down up underneath the frame it
comes out over here
it connects right there this T then it's
supposed to have no small one that runs
up through here connects to the bottom R
to the back of that carburetor on that
little port I then I tried that I had
this line had a longer line running
right here and I had it running just
straight directly to this port right
here okay then after some thinking I
thought huh I'll just take this line cut
it put a T here or a short line to this
port then have my regular vacuum line
that runs up over here into the bottom
of a hybrid charger and this little
diaphragm right here this has got a vac
this has like a little backing thing in
there with the rubber seal and it's got
a spring and spring tension when you can
let it or release do you every how much
you need okay I tell you what really
helped me out was this here papers I got
online the online service manga but uh
I'll show you this
Ashley's Kuryakin as for the Kuryakin
instructions well they're not mcwrap
this caused me nothing but headache they
told me to do it wrong the pictures are
not even numbered correct like this says
picture one this shows take one to
remove the air cleaner assembly that
don't look like an air cleaner similar
to me looks like carburetor
they need to be work on their
instructions because this is what messed
me up but anyway I'm not worried about
it because I got these and I got the
guys on the shadow form to help me out
and it's been a great help
I really appreciate it guys anyway right
now one will do is I'm gonna go over
here I'm gonna get my tank I'm gonna put
my tank back on and
we'll hook up my lines ghost my fuel
petcock and look at that line that I
said that goes to that little everything
I don't know if you see that little
nipple down there that's where it goes
that right there I'll just not gonna
bolt it down just gonna let on top tank
connector thing up will correct my
backup I'm gonna see if I can't get my
butterflies work anyway if I don't get
it to work this time I think I might
need to do some more research but about
right now ideas what I can do more than
likely I'll probably just character the
stealer ship and pay them $60 two hours
to think you get it fixed I don't like
people doing that I don't I don't want
to do that I like work on my own bike
learn from my mistakes but anyway let me
get this tank mech on here and get my
lines to back up and then I'm going to
crank it up and see if it works and
we'll see you then